We add up quite a lot of logic to our admin area and we're almost at the end of this course modules
so that we can dive deeper into more next features.
But there are two things I want to do.
Three actually.
The first is in the next of you fall in the admin area we have this normal button.
Now I simply want to use my app button here just to get nice for styling.
So I will use app button and to use it I need to import it.
So we should add import to app button from ACT component's slash UI slash app button.
And if you're wondering if there's an easier way then adding that to every component where you want
to use it.
Yes.
And we'll dive into that soon.
So now the patent is available here the other thing that's missing is the index not you fall in the
off section.
Now there I will copy in some code which you can also find attached to this video.
This code here where I essentially create a form with control inputs and buttons where we can switch
between log in and sign up here with this button at the bottom and where we can enter an e-mail address
and a password where we can submit everything though right now we don't do anything.
So we were not handling this but at least we have the styling and then we've got some starting here
at the bottom two.
So with that if we save this.
Now if I reload the page I can see my updated button and on the admin area we can manually for now go
to slash off to see this error again.
Classic I guess we need to add our imports to control input and to add a button to the off in the view
file.
So add import app control input from add components you all my app control input.
This is really annoying isn't it.
So we'll soon fix this.
No worries.
So for now let's duplicate it.
Also import app button.
And let's add the components key here to this object down there and register app control input at App
button here.
And now with that we can reload this page and get a nice looking for and where we can switch between
log in and sign up.
And with that the admin area is looking pretty good.
However what about conditional layouts.
Why don't we use a different layout for the admin area.
We might not need that normal head or indeed.